Group ID: 720
Group Members Name & ID:
Huray Jannat Dipty (172-15-9720) Mumenunnessa Keya (172-15-10100)
Md. Tarikul Aziz (172-15-9721) Bhaskar Majumdar (172-15-9988)
Project Title: Pandemic Covid-19 in Bangladesh
Category: Web Application
PURPOSE: The purpose of developing this “Pandemic Covid-19 in Bangladesh” site is to keep the information of
daily situations of Covid-19. Here we’ll provide the Confirm, Death and Recovery state. It’ll provide the basic
information about the infection and how it spread. Through the virtual site people of our country will be aware
about the worst situation. Foreign countries can also collect the information.
SCOPE: It will benefit the general people to know about the situation of coronavirus. People will be careful about it
which is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). This will provide more flexibility
about the information. General Information of this infection will help us to take necessary steps. Health sectors such
as hospitals, clinics that treat covid patients will get convenience. This will facilitate the reporting of many sectors.
INTRODUCTION
The Introduction section comprises the sub categories.
Proposed system
As the virtual application this is aimed to provide the information of this pandemic. Customers will be able to find
information easily. There really are so many advantages of this virtual page to the users.
After careful analysis the system has been identified to be presented with the following modules-
• Registration
• Username
• Password
• Login
Functional Requirement
1. Symptom of Covid-19
2. Confirmed case
3. Recovery case
4. Death case
5. Count the total number of effective patients in Bangladesh and show it.
6. Count total death and show it.
7. Percentage of dead people.
8. Percentage of recovery patients in Bangladesh.
Non-Functional Requirement
• This application capability is dependent on during COVID-19 time period.
• Users only can find accessed via mail address.
Software Tools
Development Tools –
• Vs Code editor, Brackets, Sublime text.
• MySQL database.
 Client server - Web browser
 Programming Languages - HTML, CSS, Js.
ADVANTAGES
▪ Easy to use.
▪ Helpful for the people of any country.
▪ Scientists will be benifited.
▪ Useful for the hospital, Clinics’ doctors.
▪ Data is very much informative for the junior researchers.
▪ Advantage in decision making.
▪ Govt. can use the system for further decision making about Covid-19.
DEPLOYMENT
❖ Users need internet connections
❖ It’s a limited system and less user friendly.
❖ It’ll provide only covid-19 information.
❖ For accessing the application to know information people need to buy mobile data.
❖ Limited sharing is possible.
HARDWARE SPECIFICATION
 Processor: intel core i3.
 RAM: 4 GB.
 Hard Disk: 1000GB.
